Update how-to-create-release-announcements.md (#130)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/messaging-and-math/how-to-guides-for-m-and-m/how-to-create-release-announcements.md

      1. Names should not be red-underlined \(if they are, add them to the dictionary prior to taking a screenshot\)
      2. Screenshot not surrounded by a border
      3. Below the screenshot, include a text version of their names in small font with a link to their GitHub handle

>    8. One or more people on the team put themselves in the shoes of a system admin responsible for upgrading Mattermost, read through the announcement out loud, clicked on the links, and feel we've met our High Standards LP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   8. One or more people on the team put themselves in the shoes of a System Admin responsible for upgrading Mattermost and have read through the announcement out loud, clicked on the links, and feel we've met our [High Standards leadership principle](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost#leadership-principles)
```
